[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>OK.
And now we've got to switch
to another time in history.
It's not too far back.
And I'm about to
tell you something
that is more outrageous than
anything else I've said before.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHATTER]
You're all ready.
I can tell.
[LAUGHTER]
And it was real hard for me
to talk about it when they--
because I knew what was going
on, but it was hard for me
when they first
told me to go tell--
seven and a half
years ago, it was
very hard to talk about this.
And everybody sort of
walked out, going--
But when they started to create
the grid 13,000 years ago,
it was calculated that we
would reach completion and be
able to step through
in approximately--
and when I say
approximately, they
had it down to about one
day, I think-- approximately
the winter of 1998.
And that we would be able
to move in during that time.
And so everything was set
up, and the sacred sites
were created.
And people all over the
world, in different races
that were seemingly disconnected
and had nothing doing
each other, were working
on this little grid,
very much like this floor
plan that's on the floor here.
They were placing
them in certain places
all over the world,
which affected
and shaped this electromagnetic
field outside of the planet.
However, about 200 years
ago, sometime in the 1700s,
it became apparent to
the father aspect of us--
not the Anunnaki, I don't think,
but the Sumerian aspect of us--
that the grid may not
be completed in time,
and at least one person not
make it through in time,
before something would happen.
We needed just
the grid completed
and one person stepping
through-- which
happened recently, 1989.
But this needed to take
place earlier than this,
because there was
something coming up
that we needed to have
this take place earlier.
Not that the whole world
had to make the translation,
but the grid just
had to be completed,
and we had to have a certain--
at least one person live in it.
And so at some
point in the 1700s,
it became apparent that
we might not make it.
And if we didn't make
it by a certain time--
and that time would have
been approximately the winter
of 1972-- we would all die.
We would really die.
This planet would-- we'd
have to go somewhere else.
We'd all transmigrate somewhere.
We'd have to leave
third-dimensionally
into somewhere else.
We wouldn't have a body.
We wouldn't have bodies
or have a planet.
It would be not a
real good situation.
The planet would no longer
be usable as a Star City,
maybe ever.
And our daddy did not
want this to happen.
They really did not
want to see us get hurt.
But it looked like there was a
very high probability that we
wouldn't make it, because they
knew what was going to happen.
And so the Sirians began to
make a serious investigation--
[LAUGHTER]
--into the memory
banks of the universe,
looking for someone who
had thought of a solution
to our particular predicament.
And what the result
was, after checking
all possible knowledge, was
that there wasn't any solution.
No one, in all cases that
had all happened before,
when a life form had gotten
this close to making a change
and didn't make it,
the life form died.
And there was no
solution to the problem.
And so it was probably a little
disheartening for a while.
However, they kept
searching, and they
found hidden deeply
into ancient records--
ancient, ancient times,
not even in this galaxy--
somewhere else was the
originator of all of this,
so I'm not sure,
but it could've been
anywhere-- a little tiny seed,
a little possibility of a way
that, if we did
fail and not make it
through-- that there
might be a way.
Somebody conceived of
a very intricate way
that, under these
specific circumstances,
life might be able
to make it through.
No one's ever done it,
but it was a game plan.
It was a possibility.
And so the Sirians
took the information
from the ancient,
ancient, ancient past,
and they began to proceed
as though we weren't going
to make it, even though they
didn't actually know if we were
or we were not, because it
was going to be so close.
And so they began to
proceed, and they made,
you might say, the
hardware and the software,
and trained all the people,
and got everything ready to go.
It took a while to do
it, and they did it all.
They made all their experiments.
They studied.
They did everything
else, made sure
that they had everything ready.
And when they were
all ready-- they even
had the ambassadors
ready to go, everything
that they would have needed--
and then they waited.
And in January of 1972, of
the existing cultures that
were coming in from other
dimensional levels-- of which
there were approximately
80,000 at that time--
they all reviewed the situation
of Earth, and it was a very,
let's just say, extremely heated
debate over whether or not
Earth would make it or not.
And it was finally agreed
upon by almost everybody
that Earth did not
stand a chance.
Literally, the words
were, "There is no hope."
No life would make it
through, not even a bug.
Nothing.
Not even a bacteria.
Not anything would make it
through the situation that
was about to develop in 1972.
And so they left.
They left us.
They left us alone
to die, because there
was nothing they could do.
And with the exception of
the Sirians, the Palladians,
the Aldebarans, Arcturus
and about approximately
100 other cultures.
Those are the ones
we're familiar with,
but there's a lot
of other ones that
are not quite so well-known.
Basically, it was the friends
of the Sirians, people
that knew what the
Sirians were trying
to do-- although the whole
body knew what they were trying
to do-- and stayed to give
them support if they needed it.
Now, here was the situation that
the Sirians were faced with.
This is what was going on
fourth-dimensional levels, OK?
We're going to be switching
back and forth between what
was going on on
fourth-dimensional levels
and what was going on
third-dimensional levels.
On the third-dimensional
level, we
talked about the pulsing that
was coming off of the sun.
I'm not sure if I
even need this yet.
There were these
spiralings, these pulsings
that were coming off the sun.
When Suzuki wrote
his paper, he said
that they calculated there
would be this enormous explosion
on the sun in August, September,
October, November of 1972.
As it turned out, it
was August 7th of 1972,
and it was the biggest
explosion in the history-- well,
in actual fact, it was
the biggest explosion
in the history of the earth.
In recorded fact, it was one
of the biggest of solar flare
activities-- this is
all the data on it
here-- one of the biggest solar
flare activities ever recorded.
But it was much more than that.
A bubble was formed
in the sun that
was 2/3 the size of
the sun, and the sun
was knocked off its axis.
It will never quite be the same.
And it actually shifted poles.
A shifting of the
axis of the sun
took place, which
inevitably means
the shifting of the
axis of the planets
that go around it, because
they conform to it.
They didn't really
know what it meant.
But what did-- at the moment
that this was taking place,
right prior to August
7th, we were approaching
Jupiter in a satellite.
And as we were
approaching Jupiter,
and it was on
worldwide television,
we were coming into Jupiter
and we were about to--
we were talking about it on
TV, and everyone was like,
here we come, here we come.
And they were telling
people up there, well,
we're about to go through
a radiation belt which
is about 200 miles thick.
And that when we went
in the radiation belt,
they wouldn't be able to
transmit out to the other side,
so they would go blank
on the world's screens
until they got to
the other side.
At the very moment that we
were approaching Jupiter,
there was this
enormous explosion
on the sun, unparalleled--
on certain levels,
unparalleled in history.
And the solar wind got up to 2
and 1/2 million miles per hour,
coming through like a tidal
wave coming across the oceans.
It would be like about a
400-foot tidal wave coming
over the oceans.
This would be about
equivalent to it.
And this tidal wave came in and
just went right over Jupiter,
and washed-- just blew
away the radiation belt,
just blew it up.
And so we transmitted
as we went around.
And NASA, you could see
these guys in there,
and they were going, oh, I
guess we're transmitting.
They were going, holy cow--
[LAUGHTER]
--you know, because
they know what's
going on in the other areas.
And now here they're
being real comical.
Oh, it looks like we're going
to transmit as we go around.
But this was a real pretty
exciting time for those guys,
because that was a really
big, huge, enormous thing that
took place.
>>AUDIENCE: Wouldn't it blow
the satellite out of there, too?
>>FRISSELL: No, it's
not-- it's little, tiny,
fine particles that are being--
>>AUDIENCE: So it just
affected the radiation?
>>FRISSELL: It won't affect
physical things like that,
but it did affect the
radiation belt dramatically.
It was so powerful, probably
a lot of it-- some of it
would even pass
through the earth.
I don't even know what--
I'm not sure what--
I'd have to do some research
to find out what was
in-- it's called a solar wind.
It stayed that way
for about three days,
and it dropped down to about
a million and a half miles
an hour for about a
month, about 30 days.
And nobody on Earth
really knew what
it was, because they'd never
experienced anything like that
before.
And so from August about 8th
until a few months later--
actually until June
or July of 1973,
you could go to any
scientific journal-- in fact,
to almost all the major cities'
newspapers of the world--
and they would discuss this
thing that was going on,
or had happened on
the sun on August 7th.
It really was about a week
long, but it peaked on that day.
No one knew what it meant.
All they knew was that
it was extraordinary,
and most of the papers just
gave the data on what it was.
But from June or
July, Suzuki called--
who knew more about this than
anyone else in the world,
because he wrote the paper on
it, and he planned everything.
And I'd been working with him
up until just prior to that.
I left-- I think it was
just right after-- I
don't know when it was.
Maybe April or
something of 1973,
I was no longer with him, so
I didn't go to this meeting.
I have no knowledge of what
happened in that meeting.
But what I do know is that there
is-- from June or July of 1973,
whoever was in that meeting--
and it was most of the world's
scientists-- there has been
an absolute, total, complete
blackout of information.
It's as though it
never occurred.
There's nothing.
Only if you go back between the
period of time of August 7th
of '72 to June or July or '73,
whenever that meeting was,
will you be able
to locate anything
at all written on that subject.
After that, across the
entire planet, nothing,
because they all knew
that whatever it was,
it was big-time.
And Suzuki was telling
them that it probably
meant the beginning
of the pole shift.
And actually Suzuki
felt, after that,
that his calculations were--
from everything else they
had been calculating before
that-- was that we would never
make it past 1984.
And he's probably still
scratching his head,
because he doesn't
know what happened
right prior to that time on
a fourth-dimensional level.
Because he would have
been right probably,
if other things
didn't occur now.
What was really about to
occur was-- Suzuki, what
he had really
predicted was that this
would be the biggest, most
incredible, all-absorbing
explosion ever seen,
and we may not even
make it alive past 1984.
And he was much more right than
he knows, though at the moment
he probably thought that he had
made a mistake or something.
Because what was
really going on is
that we are in a hydrogen sun--
the fusion that's going on
is a hydrogen fusion
reaction that's
going on in the sun, which
is, like I said before,
two hydrogen atoms
coming together, fusing
together and making helium,
which is the source of all
the life in this room and
all the life of this planet,
and all the light on this
planet, just that one reaction.
And for about five
billion years or so
the sun has been doing this.
And what happens is when the sun
reaches-- when the helium has
been building up, and
building up, and building
up inside of there, and when the
helium reaches a certain level,
you get another
level of fusion which
is called helium reaction.
Three helium atoms come
together and form carbon,
and you get another reaction.
And what our science is
too infant to understand
is that when that
happens, this phenomena
occurs-- it's rather
rapid-- there's
a pulsing of the sun
when the helium ignites,
when it goes up the next step.
And that's what
happened on August 7th--
or leading up to it, a
few days before it peaked
on August 7th-- was it ignited.
And we had a helium
reaction, which
the original plans knew this was
going to take place a long time
ago.
They wanted to have the
crystalline grid in place
prior to that time, and have at
least one Christ-consciousness
being come up, raise the
ship up into the sky,
and then our own intelligence
and his life force energy
would be able to
protect us through this.
But that didn't happen.
And so we weren't going to
be able to protect ourselves.
And without that protection,
we couldn't possibly survive,
because the sun was going to
expand right up past the earth
for a short time.
And it did.
It went on right past
us-- I'm not sure
how far-- and we were
inside of the sun.
Remember what God
said in the Bible.
He destroyed the earth
with water the last time.
He said, I'll never do that
again, next time it'll be fire.
And everybody says, how can
the earth be destroyed by fire?
Well, if you can imagine,
suns expand all the time.
When they die, they'll
expand so much,
they'll go right up past
the entire solar system.
And [? quaff it ?] up,
and then come back in,
and there's nothing left.
But this is just a pulsing.
In terms of the sun's life,
it would just be a [WHOOSH]
like that.
It would just be a second
when the helium reaction takes
place.
And so they had to figure
out some way to protect us,
and so in January, when
everybody said, there's no way,
no one's going to make-- nobody
is going to survive this.
This is what they meant
by not even a bug is
going to survive this one.
And so they all left.
As soon as they left,
the Syrian ambassadors,
which were all ready to go,
went toward a particular area
of space and met
with what is called
a Galactic Command--
and this particular one
is the one with 48
members-- and asked
the Galactic Command
for permission
to do the experiment.
Galactic Command, by law,
had to ask certain things.
Number one is they had to
know for certain that there
was no chance that any light
whatsoever-- any human life--
would survive the situation.
So it was the opinion
of the 80,000 people
that were there--
almost all of them--
that we would not survive.
And because there
was no hope, then
they were given
permission to do it,
providing that the Sirians could
demonstrate that-- or convince
the Galactic Command that in
so doing their experiment,
that someone would survive.
So not only had there could be--
no one would make it through,
which would allow them
to be able to do this.
But simultaneously,
they couldn't just
do an experiment that they
didn't think would really work.
And so they had to
demonstrate that they
thought it would work.
And they were able
to convince them.
However, when they asked them,
how many people do you think
will survive-- this is the
Sirians answering the Galactic
Command-- they said, we don't
think that more than two will--
we hope that two will.
We don't think that
more than 10 will.
That's all the people they
thought would survive this.
And they answered
from their heart.
That's really what
they believed.
They had to.
You can't lie to
Galactic Command.
And so they really
thought it would work,
but they didn't think very many
people would make it through.
But if even two people
made it through,
then they're going to say
yes, because that would
mean that the whole thing would
survive, and would survive
on the third dimensional level.
There'd already been cultures
that had taken humans
off the third dimensional level
and the fourth dimensional
levels, et cetera,
and things like this.
But they wanted-- it
would be really good
if someone could do
it on their own--
or at least almost on their own.
So anyway, they got
permission to do it.
Now, what it was is this.
Again, I'll have to
put this over here.
Now, to try to explain
this to someone
seven and a half years
ago was pretty hard,
even with what we had.
These days it's a
little easier, and you
can imagine if you have not
ever seen this workshop before,
to try to explain this four
days ago would have been hard.
You now probably are pretty
familiar with the concept
that there is a star tetrahedral
field inscribed in the planet
Earth.
However, though the
United Nations, et cetera,
are familiar or are now
aware that-- there's
a little bit more.
There's three of
them, like we said.
But there's also a star-- if
you remember the Fruit of Life,
there's a star within a star.
So there's a star in
the planet, but there's
a bigger one that encloses the
planet, where a planet would
be way inside there
and these points would
be way out in space.
So the whole energy field--
does everybody understand that?
There's a bigger
one way out there.
There's another one that
just encloses inside of it,
and there's another
one way out here.
So they went to these places,
these little points out
in space, which are the chakra
points of the planet itself
that are in space-- the
same ones that we're
dealing with out around here.
And they placed eight
little, tiny objects
at each of those eight places.
They were just a--
weren't very big.
I don't remember,
12-20 feet or so wide.
They were disk-shaped
objects, [? robots. ?]
There was nobody on them.
And they placed them on there
one full overtone higher
than that the earth
sits on, so that they
were invisible to the earth but
easily able to reach the Earth.
And then they came
out to the membrane
of the Earth which sits out
at 440,000 miles away, which
would be out there about
where the wall is, somewhere
over there.
Maybe not quite that far.
And they placed a very
large object there
which was about 50 miles
long and cigar shaped.
And it was black,
and it was seamless.
And it had a transparent
area on one end,
and it was manned by about 350
members of the Sirian race.
And they wore white
uniforms and gold insignias,
both male and female.
And they were
[AUDIO OUT] trained race
that knew how to operate this
thing which was really alive.
It was a silicon carbon
based life form that
had been created by
the Sirians to cope
with the kind of
complexity that would
be required to do what
this experiment would need.
From the dark of the ship,
not the transparent area,
there was a beam
that was shot down
through the membrane
of the Earth
down through across
the 440,000 miles.
This was all fourth dimensional.
Over to either the
top or the bottom.
I really don't know
which one it was.
Either the North or the South
Pole of the Earth, the beam
was approximately six or
seven inches in diameter,
and it was a form of laser
light that we have not got yet.
If you could stop
the light, you would
see it was little tiny segments
of all these different colors.
And so it's like multicolored.
It looked like they
were stacked together
and then moving at
the speed of light.
And they could hold immense
amounts of information,
absolutely immense.
That was then shot
down-- let's just say
to the North Pole for
convenience-- to this vehicle
here which translated that light
into three primary colors which
were red, green, and blue,
which are the primary colors
of transmitted light.
Not red, yellow, and blue.
And the red, green,
and blue was then
shot to three corners of here,
from there, again, back over
to these three
corners, from these.
And it goes around
the whole thing
and wrapped it back
down to the opposite end
where it came from.
From whence it was
re-integrated back into the beam
and shot into the
center of the Earth.
And from the center of
the Earth by diffraction,
it went out into billions and
billions of beams, little ones,
straight out to there
which was directed
at the human beings and
certain animals of the planet.
Coming in from underneath
the human being,
it came into the bottom
of the human grid
and came out around the
whole field out around here.
And I don't exactly
know how the interaction
was around the human
into the center in there.
I don't know how it was.
What they were doing was--
they had two problems
that they had to
solve simultaneously.
And that's what this
experiment was to try to do.
The first one was
they had to protect us
from this wall of flame.
And so in order to do that, they
created a very special field
around the Earth that
would be able to do so
which extended from the
fourth to the third dimension.
That was number one.
But number two-- they not
only had to protect us,
but they had to hide it from
us because if we saw it coming,
just the shock alone
would do us in.
So they had to hide it from us.
So we didn't know that
we were being protected.
You can see why this hadn't
been done for so long.
Same time that they
had to hide it from us,
they had to make us evolve
very rapidly so that we could
get from where we
were up a little
bit further so that
we could make this--
because we weren't quite
evolved far enough fast enough.
We almost made it.
I mean, out of
13,000 years, we only
missed it by-- what is that?
26 years or something.
So it was not bad,
but we did need
to go a little faster
than what we were going.
All those things had to be
happening simultaneously.
So what they did
was-- and I know
this is going to
sound outrageous,
but I can't help it--
they put this field
around that protected us.
And then they set
up-- the only thing
I could call it if I have
to give it a name would
be a holographic incubator.
They set up a field
around the Earth that
put us into a separate
reality for a period of time
and then protected us from
ourselves, from the sun.
And then at the same
time-- and got permission
to do what I'm
about to tell you--
they took away our free
will for about two years
and only could have got
that because we would have
been totally wiped out anyway.
It was kind of like if a
mommy and daddy came to a kid
and took all their-- they had
knives or something in there--
and took them all away
from and said, sorry.
Can't have these
things right now.
They took away our ability to
choose for a short time, shot
the field around us
which began to control
the actual events in our lives.
It took them only 30 days to
totally get the thing running.
And by the middle
of February of 1972,
we were in a separate reality.
This continued until-- they had
to make sure it was working.
When they first got it working,
they didn't do anything.
They didn't take any free
will away or nothing.
They just got it
working and then got
the program going on a
program that would continue on
as though nothing happened.
They wanted to make
sure it worked.
But before the time when they
knew the fusion reaction would
take place, they then switched
over and began experimenting.
They got it to the place
where finally they took away
the free will,
and they guided us
very carefully over
the next two years
during this very crucial time.
And what they did was they would
keep giving you, or all of us,
experiences in life that
you might not normally
have that would make you
evolve as rapidly as possible.
And so from about
somewhere-- if I
have to guess-- I'd
say May, June, or July,
somewhere around
in there of 1972
we went into a total
artificial reality
with no free will at all.
And then after about
two years, they
gave the freewill back--
because they didn't really
want to do that.
They had to.
They gave us free
will back, but they
kept the programming going.
And so they'd give
choices to you.
But if you didn't
pick the right one,
they would just keep
coming back at you
because they really
kind of-- no.
No.
Go this way.
>>Are they still doing that?
>>When was this?
>>No.
They're not.
They're not doing this anymore.
>>Around what date was
that again? [INAUDIBLE]
>>They did that from
about the summer of '72
to about the summer
of '74 roughly.
>>So were they responsible
for disco music?
[LAUGHING]
>>It could be.
>>Why did they save the other
planets, the sun and beyond?
>>They weren't concerned about--
the other planets were fine.
>>How could they
not [INAUDIBLE]?
>>Because the other
planets are alive,
and they have very high
levels of life on them.
The only one that was a
problem here was Earth.
And all you need really is one.
But if you got two, then
you're really together.
If you got two beings of at
least Christ consciousness
level, there's no problem.
That's it.
It's no problem for
the entire planet.
It's all it takes.
>>You mean we didn't
even have two here?
Not even one?
>>Not that could do-- no.
We didn't.
We had ascended masters.
They were looking
for someone that
had to be able to reach through
and to take out the ship.
I don't-- I don't--
>>It had to be a woman.
>>Huh?
>>Because it had to be female.
>>Well, it should be,
but it didn't have to be.
This has come up before,
and I don't really
understand what the linkage is
between the ascended masters
and the body on the Earth
and the relationship of that.
I know that Thoth, who was
one of the ascended masters,
took the ship up before
and said that he said
he could never do it again.
And so I don't understand
that point fully,
and I can't help you on that
exactly why they needed someone
new, someone out of this cycle.
I don't know if this
is because of the fall
and that there was a separation.
I don't understand.
They were looking for
someone out of this cycle
to be able to do it.
Now, why?
I don't know.
I should be able to get
that from the angels.
I don't understand.
It's come up before,
but I don't know.
I can't tell you.
I'm sorry.
>>Is that form still out
there, the [INAUDIBLE]?
>>It's still there
right now, yes.
They didn't know
how long they were
going to be able to do this.
They needed to get us to
a level of consciousness.
I know what part
of the problem was.
They didn't have
the grid completed.
The grid wasn't completed.
And so it wasn't possible for
us to make a transformation
without the grid.
And so it just
simply wasn't done.
It was almost done,
but it wasn't done.
And that was the primary thing
that had to be completed.
Yeah.
>>I remember listening to
this story on your tape.
And just a couple of
weeks ago on the show,
"Sightings," that's
on Friday nights,
a Japanese cinematographer
shot a shadow
onto the moon that's
a 50 mile long lozenge
shape that would
correspond to the ship
that you're talking about.
>>That's interesting.
>>Uh-huh.
Well, that's about right.
If it was 50 miles
long though, that ship
would have to be awfully
close to the moon.
>>No.
The shadow wasn't, but the
scientists who looked at, they
calculated from the shadow
how long the ship would be.
And they said 50 miles.
>>Oh, I see.
Well, this ship sits out
at almost double the orbit
of the moon.
And if it was a
shadow from the sun--
I'm not quite sure how that's
possible from that ship.
>>I don't know.
It was a clear lozenge shape on
the movies that-- [INAUDIBLE].
>>OK.
I'll tell you, I
don't think it's
that-- see, they put the
ship outside the membrane
and put it up in a
fourth dimensional level
specifically so it
would not be seen
and put it outside the membrane
so it wouldn't even be sensed.
That's why they had
to put it so far away.
And I don't think that
that's what that is.
That might be something else,
but I don't that's what it is.
Yes.
>>Is it active in any
way at this point?
>>Yes.
I'm about to tell you
what continued on.
Let me tell you the
rest of what happened.
It worked.
They didn't know if
it was going to work.
They had no idea.
They accelerated the evolution.
This is what started
getting everything going.
They accelerated our
evolution synthetically.
We just haven't stopped.
We started going faster
and faster and faster.
And we started evolving
extremely rapidly.
And then everything
just started taking off.
And nobody expected this at all.
There were several times
where they thought, well,
there's no way they can
hold this field any longer.
And then just the whole
Earth and everything
would be such that they would
learn the whole situation was
such that we could keep going.
And we'll just keep going
beyond all the places
where we thought that it
couldn't go any further.
It kept going up and
going up and going up,
and we kept going faster and
faster and faster and faster.
And we went past the
place where we were going
to make it or not make it.
There wasn't any doubt
about it anymore.
At one point, we were
going to make it or not.
That wasn't even
the issue anymore.
The issue was what's this
speed that we're going at?
This became the issue is
this evolutionary speed that
became extraordinary.
And again, like I said before,
we can't tell because we're
inside the system.
But relative to the
rest of reality,
we're in a synthetic
environment now.
And relative to the
rest of the environment,
we can't tell that we're moving
at this blinding light speed
relative to everything else.
I remember at one
point, even a long time
ago when Thoth said the ascended
masters were just going,
holy cow.
What's going on here?
And at one point, I said
well, how fast is it?
He was like, well, he
says, in human terms,
it would be like if
you just had a baby
and you look down at
the baby, and then
suddenly in 15 minutes--
and when he says 15 minutes,
he would calculate
carefully that this
was why-- in 15 minutes, the
baby becomes an adult right
before your eyes.
That's how fast we're moving
and how outrageous it is.
The level that
we're moving at is
outrageous to the rest of life.
It's just simply outrageous.
And at first when we
started moving this fast,
we started attracting
the attention
of many nearby other races.
All these guys that left,
the 80,000 that left,
they all came back and
brought friends with them.
And pretty soon there
was lots and lots
of other people
coming back here.
And then, like I
said before-- or I
think I did-- the
first overtone, which
is sort of where they usually
come into, totally filled up.
You couldn't even
get near the Earth.
It was just totally
filled up with people.
They went into the
second overtone,
and that's totally filled up.
Keep going, we'll have to go
into the third overtone even
to be able to get
more life here.
You can't get any more life
physically close to this place
to watch it.
It's ridiculous.
So we think there's just a
few flying saucers out there.
You've got a zillion
eyeballs on us right now.
And then we with
intergalactic, not only inner
dimensional, but we
went intergalactic.
People from other galaxies,
which is kind of unusual,
started coming here-- even
within the third dimensional
level of life-- started
coming here and focusing
on this place.
And at this point,
all life everywhere,
all levels, all
dimensions, everything,
the entire focus of, you
might, say great spirit.
All life everywhere within
the waveform universe,
and maybe even outside
are focused on
Earth and watching
the extraordinary thing.
Because everybody
knows and senses
that this amazing, extraordinary
thing is happening on Earth
is going to affect
all life everywhere.
We just know it.
And this is what I meant
by this little seed
that God buried down in there.
He created a situation where
this was the only choice.
It was the only one.
There wasn't any other choice.
And so the experiment was tried.
It came from the
Lucifer rebellion
because it came from technology
onto a Lucifer rebellion
planet, planet Earth.
And now, the thing
seems to be coming up
with the answer for both sides.
So who am I to say?
I don't know.
But what appears
to be happening now
is that God appears to be
entering into the situation.
And God, I mean us
on the other side
of the experiment--
the whole experiment
outside of the
waveform universe seems
to be interacting directly.
Things are occurring here that
just really are not natural.
The grid that's around
the Earth that was finally
completed in 1989,
that grid-- which
again, is based on dodecahedron,
but far more integrated.
It's still a dodecahedron,
but there's much finer,
finer aspects to it--
reflects the consciousness
of that life form directly.
And Christ consciousness
usually evolves
over a long period of time.
It goes into one stage
of unity consciousness,
but there's many, many
levels that continue up.
There's stages of growth that
continue up even from there.
And you can always
tell where it's
at just by looking at the grid.
They're not really watching
the individual humans
so much as they're watching
this geometrical image
around the area.
And it usually
makes maybe a change
every maybe a 1,000
years or maybe
every 10,000 years or
something like that.
We're making changes in this
thing hourly and sometimes
even sooner.
Whole worldwide global
changes are clicking in hear.
So click click
click click click.
And so whether you know
it or believe it or not,
we are in the midst of an
extraordinary experiment
here that all life
is focused on.
And I don't think that has
ever occurred before either.
Though maybe it has.
I don't believe that Melchizedek
has any conscious memory
of the entire waveform
universe focusing its attention
on a single point.
>>It must be [INAUDIBLE].
>>Just to have that done.
One second.
in January of 1992, another
phenomena took place.
We reached a very high
level of development
based upon polarities.
And the dark light,
which had been
more powerful on the Earth for
at least the last 16,000 years,
the light energy--
in other words,
the amount of people that have
connected into the dodecahedron
grid of Christ
consciousness became greater
than those connected
into the other grid.
And when that happened, another
milestone or a transformation
took place on the Earth.
And the light became
stronger at which point
we entered into another area
where certain things were--
well, for one
thing, before I even
explain that one, let's go
back a little bit further
in August of 1990.
OK.
Go back a little bit further,
back about 1988 or so,
Thoth told me that's
when he was saying
that we were going
so doggone fast
and all this stuff
was happening.
And the ascended
masters were trying
to figure out some way to
respond to this rapid approach
because they were
the only ones that
were inside the system that
could effectively deal with it.
And so they could see
from inside the system
that we were going to
reach this point, what's
called critical mass-- in
other words, of about five
and a half billion people.
When you reach approximately
a level of-- it's somewhere,
I don't remember what
they said exactly.
It was about 500 million people.
When you reach a certain level,
critical mass takes place.
And what usually happens
when that happens
is the whole planet
goes [MAKES NOISE].
Everybody.
The whole planet goes
up to another level.
It goes into unity.
It goes into this
certain specific unity
of Christ consciousness.
And I have this on tape
as far back as about 1988.
I think I even have it on video.
Because he made me go out and
say what I'm about to say,
which at that time, I thought
was pretty outrageous.
But he said that it looked
like by the last week of August
or the first week
of September-- I'm
saying this two years
earlier than the time, which
would have been 1990-- that in
that two week period of time
we would reach-- let me think
a moment just what he said.
I can't remember
exactly how he put it.
I think what he said
is when we reach
critical mass in that time and
that then the next one coming
up would be the window-- again,
that we referred to the times
when I had to go into
Egypt, which was January
10th to January 19th--
that in that window, just
a special window when
things can take place,
that they felt that we would
reach critical mass back then.
That's what it was.
But in that window is when we
would make the transformation
and that we would go
into unity at which
point during the
window, they decided
that if it looked like we
were really going to do that,
that they were going
to leave in mass,
in one big blast of
white light in a sphere.
And the leaving, they
felt, would pull us all up
into the southern level.
>>Who's they?
>>The ascended masters.
They were all going
to leave, all of them.
They were all going to go
onto a higher level in one
big expanding sphere of light.
From a third
dimensional way, there'd
would be a way to look at it.
And they were going to do that
somewhere between January 10th
and January 19th.
And then by the
spring of 1991, we
would be in a whole
other level of existence.
But what happened?
And they realized as we started
to get closer and closer
and closer and we
start to get up there,
he goes, I don't know if
we're going to do this or not.
But look what
happened at that time.
And again, this was
spoken on video at least
two years earlier-- coming up
to the last week of August,
the entire world came
together to declare war
on one man, Saddam Hussein.
One man stopped-- we
came short by one person.
And then on January 15th, right
in the middle of the window,
the war began.
We attacked, which
was supposed to be
the time instead of polarity.
It was supposed to be the time
when we would come together.
They saw this weeks before.
They said, I don't think
we're going to make it.
And so they changed the plan.
They held back.
And they didn't do it,
and they held back.
And they waited.
And they watched what happened.
And then by the
spring of 1991, we
had reached another level in a
way, but it was kind of a dud.
We didn't quite make it.
But we did reach critical mass.
That's was weird.
That was what was
really weird from higher
levels is that we reached it.
We have 500 million people that
were connected to the Christ
consciousness grid, people
who had opened their hearts
and made changes in their
beingness in such a way
that there are certain changes
in their emotional mental,
physical, spiritual beingness
that they would go through.
They had made it.
Though we hadn't lived it yet,
they had reached that place.
They had connected
with the grid.
They have made a commitment,
you might say, within themselves
to go into a new way of being.
And it should by all
rights take place.
Didn't happen.
And the numbers kept growing and
growing and growing and growing
way past critical mass.
And everybody's sitting
here going, well.
Don't know what it means.
All we know is that
it's not happening,
but it should happen.
But it isn't happening.
And then the critical
mass grew so great
that in January
of 1992-- this is
what I started to say--
more than half of the world
had decided that they'd
had it with the old way
and had decided in
their hearts that they
wanted to take a new path.
And yet, it wasn't igniting.
It was doing something
totally different.
It was like a growth
pattern or something.
However, because we had
reached more than halfway--
in other words, the
light was stronger
than the dark-- at
that point, the Sirians
decided that we should
be given our power back
because the light
was now in control.
And so the programming
of the Earth--
in other words, how the events
take place in the world--
were given back to the Earth.
And so since January
of 1972 until now
what occurs on the planet is
up to us, completely up to us.
Whatever we think and
feel, if we could just
understand the nature
of the situation,
if enough people could just
understand the power that's
there right now, it could be
changed very, very rapidly
because it's really real.
This is important
to know something
about the balance of
power and the nature
of the dark and the light.
Remember Jesus said
something a long time ago.
He said, resist not evil.
And people have interpreted
that in all kinds of ways.
My interpretation of
that is that if you
try to stop something
that you think is evil,
you give it power.
You lend it strength.
You help create that
which it wants to create.
Though you may think
that you're stopping it.
And it's not the way.
And a good example of
that which I love to use
is one of the movie "The
Last Temptation of Christ"
because in that movie-- that
was just a grade B movie
that if they'd had got their
money back on that one then
it would have been lucky.
But because the
Christians decided
that they didn't
like that movie,
they didn't listen to Jesus.
And they resisted it like crazy.
They went out there.
Don't see this movie.
And everybody went
and saw the movie
because they told them not to.
And if they hadn't
have done that-- what
they should have done, what
Jesus was trying to say is, OK.
You don't like something.
Great.
Turn your back on it.
Put it behind you.
Put the evil behind you
and turn into the light
and create that which
you want to see happen.
So if they really
didn't like that movie,
they should have said
nothing and went out
with all that money and all that
energy and made their own movie
the way they really
wanted to show it.
And that would have been a
far more powerful statement.
Instead, it lent
power to the darkness.
And that's the
nature of the game.
Whenever the light tries
to stop the darkness,
it makes the darker
side stronger.
But you see now, the
roles have been switched,
and the light is now
stronger than the darkness.
And it is the nature
of the darkness
to try to stop the light.
And whenever the darkness
tries to stop the light now,
it lends power to the light.
It's a different role
because the balance of power
is different.
And you can see the
very effects of this
as the two polarities
begin to build up
by what happened in Russia when
the Communists, the dark side,
always tried to suppress the
people, suppress the people.
And it always worked
until just recently
when they tried to
suppress the people,
and it just came
right back at them
and was the very
thing that caused
the revolution in Russia.
The very people stood
up and said, no.
We're not going
to do it anymore.
And though it's not over with
yet and there's a lot going on,
the very thing that would have
normally worked didn't work.
And so because we're
in this unique flipped
around situation,
the Sirians and those
that are working with this
have opened up the whole thing
hoping that as we keep growing,
all those that are connected
to another way of being
where we love one another,
that love will take over.
And we'll start guiding
the events in the world.
And the more the dark resists,
the faster we would go.
OK.
He's got an a
question over there.
Maybe you got the answer.
[LAUGHING]
>>We had this somewhat heated
discussion the other day
about technology and its
dangers and the possible value
during the transition period
and its addicting nature
and all of that.
And here, we have a case where
very sophisticated technologies
being used in an interventionary
manner to assist revolution
instead of to addict us further.
Now, it could be
argued that it's simply
extraordinary in that within
a duality based universe,
this kind of intervention is
OK to kind of get ourselves out
of the problem.
But from the way
you're describing it,
it seems that races
not even involved
with the Lucifer
rebellion are interested
because of this
speed of evolution
that it's facilitating.
And so the question is--
this is a question-- to me,
that seems to validate the
idea that if technology
is approached in a balanced way
where the heart is used just as
much as the mind, at least
in this transition period
it might be appropriate
in some forms.
>>Well, like I was trying
to say in the beginning,
I'm not going to say
that doing it is wrong.
It's just personally,
my own personal thing,
I have chosen to go in a totally
non-technical possibility way.
There is an integration
taking place
it appears between the
Luciferian technical side
and the non-technical
other aspects side.
It appears to be that it
is the Lucifer rebellion
and it is the
technology of that which
seems to be triggering
this situation.
And it is beyond anybody
here or anyone anywhere.
I think the most important
thing in all of this--
and this is the
real crux of it--
is that a lot of the technology,
like what the Greys have,
there was no heart.
There was no
feelings or emotions.
But in what you're
implying here is
that if technology could
be used with a heart,
with love, that
there may be a way.
And the Sirians appear
to be demonstrating that.
I mean the Sirians
are our father.
We are deeply embedded
in the Lucifer rebellion.
I'm sure Christians
wouldn't even
want to consider that,
people who are like
born again Christians
and things,
that we could possibly
part of Lucifer.
But we are in here.
And I'm not trying
to stop-- personally,
I don't want to stop either one.
I want to find this way between
all of it in the whole thing,
that there's got to be some
kind of path that can satisfy
the needs of those that have
taken that path and those that
have not.
And more than anything,
I'm just watching.
I am teaching the Merkaba
stuff because that
was one of my instructions
on how to do this
because right now, we're
way out of balance if you
want to look at it that way.
You have almost
100% of the people
here totally involved
in the Lucifer thing,
and there's nobody balancing
out the other side.
We only have about
less than 8,000 people
that have taken the path of
non-technological aspect, which
we call the ascended masters.
I really don't know
what the answer is.
I don't know where
it's going to lie.
I'm just like a reporter
here, just saying,
this is what's going on.
This is what I see.
And I'm trying to be
a reporter with heart,
hoping that there'll
be some kind of way
that we can all come out
of this in a good way.
You know, these people that
are prophesizing right now,
I don't think there's anybody
that knows where we're going.
I don't think
anybody, [INAUDIBLE]
level of [INAUDIBLE] except for
God himself or herself knows
where this is taking us.
But wherever it's taking us,
we're getting there real quick.
We're not going to have to
wait a long time on this one
because this one is like-- right
now, tens of thousands of years
are going by every day on
Earth though we don't know it.
And it's really going fast.
Yeah.
>>Do you have an idea of why
these critical mass [INAUDIBLE]
didn't [INAUDIBLE]?
>>Not any.
This is the first time since
the beginning of creation
this has ever taken place.
So how can you ever-- who knows?
>>Well, the feeling is
that there's another part
of the program that hasn't been
revealed to us that is holding
this critical mass ignition back
so that all of them could go
rather than just a few--
>>It appears to be moving more
like cold fusion rather than
hot fusion.
It appears to be
a slow reaction.
It's a reaction, and it's
moving like a reaction.
It just isn't moving.
Instead of a big
[MAKES EXPLOSION SOUND],
it's moving very strongly,
very powerfully, very directly,
continually, nonstop.
No one's getting
in the way of it,
and it's just doing its thing.
And it's never been seen before.
That's all I can say.
>>These two overtones that
are full of all the observers,
they're looking at a
Christ consciousness
grid around the earth.
Is that correct?
>>Right.
That's what they're
interested in.
>>All right.
My question is are
they apprehensive
or are they curious?
Are their thoughts affecting us?
And is there any chance that
that grid could be damaged?
>>There's a tremendous
sense of joy
because, you see, for so
long in the last four times
that someone has attempted
to do this, the last one
being Lucifer, in the
first three times anyway,
there was no answer from
God and from all life.
Just everything fell apart.
There was pain, and
it was horrible.
And there was just
simply no answer.
Silence.
And since Lucifer has done
this one over the last 200,000
years, there's been no answer.
It's been silence.
And so the silent majority who's
sitting there watching this
is just going, when is
God going to answer?
And there is no way to
see what the answer was
to this because they wanted
an answer to the situation.
And now we're getting an answer.
>>So we're really working
with two layers of support
around our grid then.
>>What do you mean.
>>Well, those
overtones, the people
you're saying that are all here
watching us, their support.
>>Oh.
Yeah.
They're cheering us on
for sure because they
know that depending
on what happens to us,
they're going to
follow right behind us
because this is what everybody
thinks is going to happen.
It looks like
whatever occurs there.
It would be kind of
like if you had a body
and there was cancer
in it, and suddenly
an area in the
cancer-- and the cancer
not being the black
or the white side,
but rather the situation--
and suddenly a healing
starts taking place.
And everybody notices that
there's this rapid healing
taking place in a certain area.
And it's really going
very, very rapidly,
so rapidly that
it's extraordinary
and never been seen before.
And if through
the consciousness,
the whole body's watching
on it, the body's
hoping that this situation
will spread throughout and heal
the whole situation.
And so am I. I'm hoping too.
>>If the Sirians are the--
>>Oh.
I'm sorry.
I can't.
You got to wave your hands
because all I can see
is speakers.
>>If the Sirians are
our father element
and they are the
dolphins and stuff
and the dolphins learned how
to do the Merkaba over 200
years ago, then could
that be the element
that's really keeping
us together if there's
so many of them in the ocean?
>>You got an unusual
situation with the dolphins
and the whales.
They have more than
one kind of body form.
On their planet, they have
the dolphins and whales
and actually some other kinds
of cetacean type body forms,
but they also have
humanoid body forms.
It is dolphins-- the
ones in the water
have been able to
extract themselves out
of the technological side.
But the ones on
the land are still
involved in the
technological side of things.
They're the ones
that set this up.
It wasn't the dolphins
who set this up.
>>I know it wasn't
those who set it up.
What my point was that since
there's so many of them here
and they are basically
a higher race than we
are because they're
located on so many levels,
couldn't it be them who are,
at least in part, responsible
for us getting so far.
>>Well, about all one race
can do to another race--
they can't-- I mean, the
dolphins can't interfere
directly with us.
If we're going to do it,
we have to do it ourselves.
All they've been doing with us
is just being a perfect example
and loving us like crazy
and cheering us on.
There has been a few times where
they tried to give us answers
to things and stuff like this
when we've asked for answers.
They were real
involved with trying
to get us to grow trees
for a while and things
like this because they
were scared and worried
about that kind of thing.
And the whales, which are
even much higher evolved
than the dolphins, their
interaction is even less.
They're going to interfere
even on a lesser level
than the dolphins will in life.
Wait a second-- But they
can support-- I mean,
they're doing everything
they can to support us.
They're not leaving.
A lot of the races are
just leaving and going
to higher dimensional levels.
They're staying
here real strongly.
And they'll probably stay here.
Knowing them, they
would probably
stay until the last
minute before they left.
>>Can you share with us, if you
first came into a body one life
before this, were you
aware, or your awareness
knew this was happening?
And did you come in purposely
to work with this situation?
Can you share that?
>>Well, yeah.
It's a story.
OK.
I'll tell that.
It's about a hour long
example if I do that.
>>>>[INAUDIBLE] time to
darkness and all that stuff.
>>The what?
>>When we get to
that point, if there
is [INAUDIBLE] about
staying in meditation.
>>Well, I need to talk to
you about several things yet.
I need to talk to
you about healing
and about the higher self
and about the actual moving
into the next dimensional level.
Those are the areas
that I need to do.
And my feeling is that maybe I
should get the work over with,
and then I can tell the story.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>There's a couple of us
that are leaving tonight.
>>Yeah.
They're leaving at 7:00.
You got to leave at 7:00.
>>No.
Close to 8:00.
>>Well, maybe I
should try to get
all the informational levels in
as much as possible, the stuff
that's really important.
And then after that, if there's
time left, we can do that.
The story of me coming in
here is not really crucial.
I knew the situation.
Just real quickly,
I was pulled here.
It was Seshat, Thoth's wife,
who saw the situation was having
a problem as far back as
about 1450, maybe 1550 BC
and contacted me and others
in Melchidezek consciousness.
If you want to say me, you
can't quite put it like that.
And I was drawn down on
a consciousness level,
on an awareness level you
might say, to the Earth
a long time ago and was asked
to help in the Akhenaten thing,
not in physical form or
anything [INAUDIBLE] this way.
It was a, I think,
inter-dimensional
communications.
And then it wasn't
until the year 1819
that I stepped into the
Earth's dimensional levels.
And it wasn't until
1850 that I took form.
If we have time, I'll
try to explain that,
but it isn't real
crucial to know that.
There's other
things that are more
important to know
that we should make
sure we get in here and on
this film before we go on.
>>>>[INAUDIBLE] a long time ago
dictate all [? that one? ?]
Yeah?
>>Well, from some certain
levels, things are spherical.
And time is spherical.
And you can see the future
as well as the past.
However, occasionally
things are interjected
that change future, past,
present, everything.
And it changes the
whole nature of things.
It's rare.
It's really rare.
This is one of those times.
But the situation,
it could be seen.
Even today in 1993, you've
got a person named Bashar.
Who is the channel from him?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>Darryl Anka.
Right.
And Bashar is the resultant
of the Grey experiment
of the middle races developed
between us and them.
And it was projected
evidently over the wall.
So they made it according
to Beshar, which is good.
I want that to happen.
They made it over
to the other side.
And then Darryl is coming
from 300 years in the future
back here to this
time to try to make
some tiny changes in things.
And so it is just simply not
as straightforward and as clear
as it may all appear to be.
Yes.
>>I just have to relate this.
I've been getting a
lot of information
that's not even hit me yet.
It's just all like
a bunch of stuff
that's like flashing in my head.
Ever since I've seen that
double helical pattern
of the tree of life that you
wrote up there when you first
began talking about
the Lucifer rebellion--
because this is
the first time I've
ever heard this information
on the Lucifer rebellion.
And what's hit me
then and keeps coming
is that, and then you started
talking about critical mass
and that we have well reached
the point of critical mass
that was expected
for the whole planet
to reach just another level.
What keeps coming to me
is that maybe there's
a level far beyond what was
initially expected us to go
and that there's a whole
other level of critical mass
that we're approaching--
>>This is very observant
because this is
what we now think is the case.
>>Yeah.
I'm getting that Lucifer
is actually getting
what he had designed to do.
That plan is coming into
effect and that in some way,
in some form, some
way-- and I don't even
know if my concepts of God are
expanded enough to understand
this myself-- but that
in some form or some way,
there is a new god
being produced.
>>Well, it's not a new god.
>>Well, like I said, I
can't get the words right.
>>See, originally,
when they set up
the grid to just put us
back onto the orbit again,
their intention was
just to pull us back
from the third to
the fourth dimension
and that that is all
that we would do.
And that was all they
was planning to do,
and it was all it
was supposed to do.
But because of this
speeded up thing,
the evolutionary pattern
that was [INAUDIBLE],
it threw this whole thing out.
And we're going so fast.
And then at one point,
it looked like, well,
we're going to go
further than that.
And then it looked
like, holy cow.
We're going to go up
to the fifth dimension.
And everybody's going, wow.
The fifth dimension.
That's incredible.
And then it looked
like we were going
to go into the sixth dimension
and then the seventh,
and then the eighth, and
then the ninth, and the 10th,
and the 11th, and the 12th.
And everybody's mouth is
dropping further and further
and further in all of this.
And then finally,
just recently, I
was given the
instructions on how
to create the group Merkaba
that would extend us
beyond the great wall.
And part of the
human consciousness
of the ascended masters
made it over the wall
using this information.
Part of our consciousness
went through
the entire dimensional level
and over into the next octave.
Which is just-- forget it.
Can't even talk about it.
It's just so outrageous.
And now it's looking
like we're all gone.
>>So the outer limits
of our consciousness
is already over the octave.
>>That's right.
We've already made it.
We're already over there.
And the ascended masters are
going over in groups of 32
at a time.
Instead of making one big
blast to go off the Earth
and send us up into
the next level,
what they've decide to do is
to do kind of like cold fusion.
They're sending out
32 members at a time
all the way over
to the other side
of the wall which pulls us all
up further in our awareness.
And they're timing these things
so that at the right moment,
we will keep making
these leaps to go over.
And what's looking like
now is that very soon, we
will make the initial stage
of going from the third
to the fourth dimension.
But today anyway-- it may
change tomorrow-- today,
it looks like we're going to
spend about two years there,
which is just enough
time to become an adult.
And then [MAKES SWISHING NOISE].
Take off.
Go fifth.
And that's it.
Super streak through
the divisional levels.
>>So that's thanks to Lucifer.
[LAUGHING]
We've been resisting.
Now we're finding out
that because of that,
we've [INAUDIBLE] further
and faster than ever possible
[INAUDIBLE].
>>Well, on a more balanced way,
if you have to give thanks,
it's thanks to both the dark
and the white brotherhood
for their dance that they have.
Because see, before
Lucifer and before Jesus,
there was no dance
in the same way.
There was a
homogeneous structure.
And when God polarized the two,
it made one on one side and one
on the other side.
He created the dance.
And it's not a person or
anything that did this.
It is the very creation
of the dance by God
that has created this
extraordinary situation that
is now taking what
has always been
a very slow process
into something
that is super accelerated.
Now, just because
it's super accelerated
doesn't mean that it's positive
or negative, that it's good
or it's bad.
All we can say is that
it's different, definitely
different.
And the part about it that
I'm mostly happy about
is that what I can
see taking place here
is that it's now beyond
any of the players,
all the players in it.
It's beyond Lucifer.
It's beyond Jesus.
It's beyond [INAUDIBLE].
It's beyond all of
them, everybody,
beyond the Melchizedeks
They're all sitting there
going-- they've lost control.
[LAUGHING]
They've lost control, really.
And God has stepped in.
And something greater, greater
than all the levels of life,
all the hierarchy
of life, something
greater than this created
hierarchy has stepped forth
and is expressing itself.
And from my point of view,
I just say, go for it.
Yay.
Because I'm not concerned about
life and death or anything else
like that.
I'm concerned about
healing on cosmic levels.
>>Could this be because--
this is kind of intermediate--
what you mean-- that because so
many people came to watch here
that they all became involved
and their evolution became
involved too so that--
>>Very, very possible.
>>That's why it's
affecting such a wide--
>>As far as the trigger,
you're probably correct.
Because whenever you bring
your attention somewhere,
that focuses energy.
We have a little instrument
that can do this.
I can shine this
instrument on you,
and you can think about
turning your little finger.
And then you could think
your attention up your arm.
We can track you on
a computer screen
as you're moving your
attention around.
You can sit there
and watch on a screen
as you're moving your attention.
Though you're moving
it in your body,
you can see it on the screen.
So you can see that
it focuses energy.
And so you can
imagine-- I mean, that
was the part that I was
real intrigued about-- is
that all of life, God
created a situation that
was so interesting that all
of life had to look at it.
And in looking at
it-- quantum physics
will tell you the same thing.
The person who
creates the experiment
affects the experiment by
the very act of attention
of looking at the experiment.
And so it's a rather
interesting situation
that has been developed.
I think it's beautiful.
I think it's great.
>>So when the first
critical mass was reached,
it was no longer the situation
because so many more--
that's why the next one
[INAUDIBLE] because there
was so many more people
involved than originally.
>>Let me just say
one more thing.
This is why all the
prophecies and everything
that came in before 1972--
and I think all of them
without exception,
but we'll just
talk about ones that aren't
quite so controversial,
like Edgar Cayce for example.
He had over 12,000
predictions and was only wrong
in one thing, one
tiny little thing.
And then after
1972, he went down.
He started becoming wrong
on all kinds of things.
And the same way
with Nostradamus.
He was about 80%
right until 1972,
and then his
following was way off.
And I think that if you start
looking at all the predictions
that were made prior to
1972-- because it was
before this thing
was injected-- they
would have probably
been right if things
would have continue on.
But time space had been altered.
And so now, to make
a prediction now,
is really presumptuous
because if you really
see the situation,
it's moving so fast.
You can't say, well,
we're here now.
And look down the
time tunnel and say
we're going to be here real
soon because who knows.
We may not even be
involved in time real soon.
Nobody knows.
And so your predictions
could be anything.
I'm not going to
predicting anything
for sure because I don't know.
All I can do is, when I
talk about these things
that we're about to talk about,
I can just say what I think,
what I know usually happens.
And I'll keep telling
you over and over
and over it doesn't
have anything
to do with what may happen.
But what I do believe is many
part of the predictions were
is that we were going to come
into a very violent time,
that there was going to be--
>>Armageddon.
>>Huh?
>>Even before the
Armageddon-- or no.
OK.
Two violent times.
We were going to
have Armageddon.
And number two, we were going
to have whole continents going
up and down and all this kind
of stuff and mass destruction
on all kinds of levels.
I really seriously
doubt if that's
going to occur at
this point primarily
because the forces of Armageddon
are more closely aligned
than they've ever been.
Though that may change.
And also, the fact
that the light
is now stronger and
controlling the events
where event originally
it was going
to be that the
darkness was going
to be in control at the time.
And there was the chaotic
aspect of ourselves.
I just think that we may
find that we may create
a situation that we move up into
the time when the poles shift,
and they will shift, I believe.
But we may move
into that situation
with none of the normal violence
that was associated with it.
It may be very, very smooth.
That has both a positive
and negative side too,
and that is it means we might
not have any warning or very
little warning.
It just may happen
very, very quickly.
I don't know for sure.
I'll try to explain all that I
can possibly explain about what
I know about what may happen.
>>Are the Sirians still
holding the field?
>>They're still
holding the field.
Yeah.
Which they never dreamed.
In all their calculations
and everything else
like that, they never
dreamed that they
would be able to go until 1993.
They just didn't.
They couldn't even conceive of
being able to hold that field
that long.
>>Is it like a holographic
field [INAUDIBLE]?
>>It's a hologram, and they
are creating a separate reality
on it and not directly
connected to the actual reality
outside of it from which
everyone's looking in at.
>>It's like a holodome.
>>Yeah.
With a holodeck on Star Trek.
That kind of thing.
Much more
sophisticated than even
what they were conceiving of.
Yeah.
>>So what happened to the Earth
we knew of before the hologram.
>>This is the Earth that
we still knew of then.
And these are our bodies.
And they're only
here interfering
with very subtle certain aspects
of the Earth in terms of right
here on the surface
of the Earth.
Most of the hologram
is extraterrestrial
and in space protecting--
>>So we can't see
the sun exploding?
>>We can't.
That's the main thing.
We just aren't ready.
But we will have to probably.
We're going to get to the
place where the Earth will
get strong enough and
the kinds of things
that we are talking about
here will become every day.
And we will all be aware how
powerful our thoughts are
and our feelings and that they
create the very light worlds
that we're in, at
which point we may
take the responsibility
of the expanding sun
and probably experience it
from the surface out more
than likely.
Though I don't know.
I can see how that we
would experience this.
We would accept the experience
of this, take on its effects,
and go on from there.
Because you see, the
sun, if tuned to,
if consciousness can tune to the
heat of the sun, it isn't hot.
It's just light,
and it's beautiful.
It's beautiful you can
go right into the sun.
I've done it.
I've flown a ship into the sun.
I know what it is.
And it's not just tuning
the ship, everybody on it
and everything.
You got to tune the
consciousness right to it,
and you can just go right in.
And the sun is not
what you think.
It's as infinite inside
the sun as it is outside.
And space is connected
inside as well as outside.
The time that it takes to
get from Sirius A to our sun
is about 90 seconds
going inside the sun.
>>I don't understand why
the ozone layer and the rays
of the sun going
through the ozone
layer, why is it
so harmful to us?
>>Well, because they're they
are allowing the program
to continue on as
close to possible
as what would happen if
nothing was going on.
And so now it's up to us to try
to change the programming back
and revert all
these patterns back.
>>So there's no ocean
that's polluted out there?
It's just [? the moon? ?]
>>No.
There is a polluted
ocean out there.
See, the nature of the
reality behind the hologram
is very similar.
It's also a functions
that is really--
remember it started in nothing.
It's just thoughts.
It's just feelings.
If you want to call it
any of those things.
It's psychic energy.
It's the movement of spirit.
It's what created the whole
thing in the first place.
So even what's
behind what we call--
if you're thinking like this
is a hologram and then what's
behind there is real stuff,
it isn't exactly that way.
>>Is that like when the masters
say that the relative existence
is an illusion.
Are they referring
to the hologram,
or are they referring to the
duality of the double helix?
>>Most of the people who said
that when they called it Maya
did not know or even
conceive of the situation
that we were in now.
They were referring
to the very reality
itself, which is just light.
It's illusion.
And so what we have just
done is create an illusion
within an illusion.
>>OK.
So the illusion behind
the created illusion
is an illusion.
>>That's right.
>>OK.
That illusion and
that illusion is
the duality of the self
is separate from itself,
the double helix.
>>Yeah.
I think so, from
that point of view.
>>OK.
So when God sent
Lucifer and Jesus
in two separate directions,
it forced people
to experience the
duality and it brought
all these
extraterrestrials and races
from all over the
world to this one spot
to look deep within
reality in order
to find its way back to God.
>>Maybe.
[LAUGHING]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>I really don't know
what God has in mind here.
I mean, I can conceive
of something that may--
we might just be
approaching something
that no one has ever seen.
It's not in memory banks.
It's not in any of the games.
It's not in anything.
>>You said it was out
Lucifer's control,
it was out of Jesus' control.
But his name, the
third, you didn't say it
was out of God's control.
>>No.
It's not out of God's control.
I don't think so.
If it's out of God's
control, we'd be in trouble.
[LAUGHING]
Because that's us on the
outside of the system.
With us out on the
outside of the system,
not outside of this system and
outside of the other system,
outside the other
system, all the
outside the entire
waveform universe and all
the dimensional levels,
outside all the entire
created infinite structure,
outside of all of it.
The guy watching
the TV when you're
watching that pattern up there.
Outside of that whole
thing, that aspect
appears to be what is
interfering directly.
It may be that we, before
we created this whole thing,
planted this little seed and
started the whole pattern.
And then at the right
time, we on the other side
put in the two components of the
positive and negative aspects,
knowing that
eventually they would
come down and find this little
thing and do this little thing.
But what the intent
is beyond now
and on the other side, where
we sat before we came in,
I can't second guess that.
I don't know.
I mean, I just work here.
I don't have any control
in those levels over there.
It is me from my point of view,
but I have surrendered that
to that aspect of me.
And I'm here to
experience what it is
that I've placed myself into.
And we're all equal in this way.
I just happen to have
my memory at the moment,
but you're all going to have
your memory pretty soon too
if you don't already
getting it, at which point
we all go back to
one place back there.
We're all the same.
We're just reflections
of each other.
We're like mirrors.
>>Drunvalo, whatever
happened to the Merkaba that
went out of control
that they were trying
to get back and stabilize?
And where does it exist?
Is it just in another
space-time continuum?
And will what we're doing here
eventually neutralize that?
>>Well, they themselves,
according to the angels,
will heal the situation.
The Greys and the
secret government
and all those that
started that stuff
and the [? Martian ?]
[INAUDIBLE],
that whole complex, life always
wants whoever started something
to clean it up if at all
possible so that they can learn
the lesson from whatever
it was that did it
rather than someone else coming.
Non-interference has
always been the best wisdom
in all this stuff.
Like when I saw Duncan,
I saw exactly how
to solve this problem.
I could have probably done
it in maybe five minutes.
But they would let me touch it.
And then later, I asked why.
And they said, because they
will solve their own problem
right at the very, very
end of this whole thing.
They will figure it out.
And so I let it go.
This is the same
way in healing when
we start talking about healing.
You got to ask permission and
get permission from the person,
and then from my way of
looking, from their higher self,
in all these ways.
When I used to be involved in
healing, about maybe 40% or 50%
of the time, at least 50% of
the time, I would get a no.
Don't interfere.
But about 50% of the time,
I would get to go ahead.
It was OK.
And I've been noticing that as
we become more and more evolved
here, that I keep getting
permission less and less
and less and less and less.
And now I hardly
ever get permission.
Hardly ever.
I ask.
Nope.
Get out of the way.
[LAUGHING]
And I just got permission
recently from one person,
the first time in over a year,
from this about 75-year-old man
who has cataracts.
And I couldn't believe that they
said I could have permission
to do anything like this.
But generally, I get an
absolute no on everything
because we all have
within us the ability,
really have the ability to
deal with the situation,
whatever it is.
And in the dealing
with that situation,
we gain our strength.
It's like I had a woman, a
friend of mine, who had a baby,
and the baby died
in her stomach.
And she got an infection that
went throughout her whole body.
They give her less
than 24 hours to live.
And so I thought she
was going to die.
And I went to her, and I
asked her if I could help.
And she said yes.
So I went back home to try so I
could be quiet where I did this
because it doesn't
matter where you are when
you do these kind of things.
And I called her higher
self and her higher self
was very adamant for me to
stay out of the way and not
to help at all.
I never had a
higher self quite be
that aggressive and
[INAUDIBLE], but it made certain
that I did not do a thing.
And so I stepped
back, and I assumed
that she was going to die.
I mean, it's OK to die.
There's nothing
wrong with dying.
There's nothing wrong
with that at all.
There is no death.
There's just transformation.
It just means that person was
going to leave at that time,
and I thought that's
what was going to happen.
And everybody thought that's
But what did happen was
she did it all by herself.
She got right up to the place
where she was going to die.
And then it struck her
that her body was light,
and she just totally
reversed the situation
and in like three days,
walked out of the hospital
and was really a
different person.
She just was completely
changed from the experience.
And then I saw the wisdom in why
I wasn't supposed to interfere.